Documentation rearrangement (#706)
CMSgov/price-transparency-guide: README.md

* `in-network-rates`
* `allowed-amounts`

> There are also two optional machine-readalbe files that can be leveraged to significantly decrease file sizes of the required mahcine-readable files:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are also two optional machine-readable files that can be leveraged to significantly decrease file sizes of the required machine-readable files:
```

* [Table of Contents](https://github.com/CMSgov/price-transparency-guide/tree/master/schemas/table-of-contents)
* [Provider Reference](https://github.com/CMSgov/price-transparency-guide/tree/master/schemas/provider-reference)

**Table of Contents File**

> The Table of Contents file can be leverage to combine common negotiated rates across multiple in-network files. By breaking out [common negotiated rates into separate files](https://github.com/CMSgov/price-transparency-guide/blob/master/README.md#multiple-plans-per-file) to used in multiple In-Network files, plans can avoid having to duplicate data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Table of Contents file can be leveraged to combine common negotiated rates across multiple in-network files. By breaking out [common negotiated rates into separate files](https://github.com/CMSgov/price-transparency-guide/blob/master/README.md#multiple-plans-per-file) to use in multiple In-Network files, plans can avoid having to duplicate data.
```
